Add some docs about environments (#1562)
rpm-software-management/dnf5: doc/commands/group.8.rst

===========

The ``group`` command in ``DNF5`` offers several queries for getting information about groups, packages
related to them and it is also used for groups installation. Note that some

> things dnf-4 listed as groups are now listed with ``environment list``.

Reviewer: I find this new sentence little bit cryptic.

What about to move it to a separate line and change it to something like:
```
To query environments use separate ``environment`` command.
```

> related to them and it is also used for groups installation. Note that some
> things dnf-4 listed as groups are now listed with ``environment list``.

Author: I think it would be useful to include that those environments used to be `groups`.

I read something about environments, but ignored that because I used to look at groups (not knowing that some groups where actual environments)

How about:
```suggestion
related to them and it is also used for groups installation.
To query environments use separate ``environment`` command.
Note: ``dnf-4`` listed both environments and groups with the ``group`` command.
```

Reviewer: ok, that makes sense.
